Change timestamp alias to timestamp without time zone (#12565)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Breaking Changes
================

- Changed the type of :ref:`TIMESTAMP <type-timestamp>` from :ref:`TIMESTAMP WITH
  TIME ZONE <type-timestamp-with-tz>` to :ref:`TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE

>   <type-timestamp-without-tz>` to be compatible with PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <type-timestamp-without-tz>` to be compatible with the SQL standard.
```
